Define handling of null and empty attribute values (#9)
dynatrace-oss-contrib/opentelemetry-specification: specification/api-tracing.md

A `Link` is defined by the following properties:

- (Required) `SpanContext` of the `Span` to link to.

> - (Optional) One or more `Attribute`s with the same semantics as defined for

Reviewer: I don't think there is an `Attribute` entity defined anywhere, so just "attributes" would be fine, but that's for another PR.

An `Attribute` is defined by the following properties:

> - (Required) The attribute key, which must be a non-null and non-empty string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- (Required) The attribute key, which must be a non-`null` and non-empty string.
```

> - (Required) The attribute key, which must be a non-`null` and non-empty string.

Reviewer 3: Are we sure non-empty is a good idea? Sometimes information can be conveyed by an empty string.

Reviewer 3: oops realized this is key not value :)

with the same key as an existing attribute SHOULD overwrite the existing
attribute's value.

Attribute values expressing a numerical value of zero or an empty string are

> considered meaningful and MUST be stored and passed to the exporter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
considered meaningful and MUST be stored and passed on to span processors / exporters.
```

> Attribute values of `null` are considered to be not set and discarded as if

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attribute values of `null` are considered to be not set and get discarded as if
```

> Attribute values of `null` are considered to be not set and discarded as if

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Attribute values of `null` MUST NOT be set and discarded as if
```

Author: I would allow attempting to set null values but discard them. This spares users a lot of null checks.

Reviewer 4: fair :+1: I agree

> `SetAttribute` was never called.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`SetAttribute` had never been called.
```

> `SetAttribute` had never been called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that `SetAttribute` call had never been made.
```

> If overwriting values is allowed, this results in clearing the previous value

Reviewer 2: What's the general recommendation on overwriting?
From a DT perspective, this is completely unsupported at the moment. Should we try and discourage that in the spec?

Author: Currently it's a SHOULD: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/api-tracing.md#L385-L387

Reviewer 2: It's probably hard to argue why this should be forbidden in general 🤔

Author: Actually I'm not sure if this was introduced to solve a legit use case or if it was just added as nice to have without considering YAGNI.

> If overwriting values is allowed, this results in clearing the previous value

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If changing/editing values is allowed, this results in clearing the previous value
```

Reviewer 4: I would not use "overwriting is allowed" because in `SetAttribute` the overwriting of values is allowed. However, when a Span is terminated, calling again `SetAttribute` on an existing label must not change the attribute value.

Author: I took the wording over from L387 above.

Author: And by _allowed_ I rather meant to say _implemented_ since overwriting is a SHOULD requirement and not a MUST.
How about "If overwriting of attributes is implemented, attempting to set `null` results in clearing the previous value"?

Reviewer: I suggest "supported", https://github.com/dynatrace-oss-contrib/opentelemetry-specification/pull/9#discussion_r378887521

> If overwriting values is allowed, this results in clearing the previous value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an exception to this, if overwriting values is supported, this results in clearing the previous value
```

and dropping the attribute key from the set of attributes.

> `null` values within arrays MUST be preserved. This is required for map/dictionary

Reviewer: preserved how? As empty strings/0 values or as-is? Please specify (or say that it's implementation-defined).

with the same key as an existing attribute SHOULD overwrite the existing
attribute's value.

Attribute values expressing a numerical value of zero or an empty string are
considered meaningful and MUST be stored and passed on to span processors / exporters.
Attribute values of `null` are considered to be not set and get discarded as if
that `SetAttribute` call had never been made.
As an exception to this, if overwriting of values is supported, this results in
clearing the previous value and dropping the attribute key from the set of attributes.

> `null` values within arrays MUST be preserved. If exporters do not support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`null` values within arrays MUST be preserved as-is (i.e., passed on to span processors and exporters as `null`). If exporters do not support
```

An `Event` is defined by the following properties:

- (Required) Name of the event.
- (Optional) One or more `Attribute`s with the same semantics as defined for

>   [Span Attributes](#set-attributes).

Reviewer 4: What is the intended behavior if we have something as follow?
```java
span.AddEvent("Event Name", Attribute{key: "Key", value: null})
```

Reviewer 4: Will be the event dropped or will it be register without any attribute?

Author: same as `span.AddEvent("Event Name", null)` == `span.AddEvent("Event Name")`
